In env.template at lines 6 to 7, the current default MinIO credentials are
hard-coded and insecure. Replace these with clearly identifiable placeholder
values that indicate they must be changed before deployment. Additionally,
update the deploy.sh script to check for these placeholder values and either
refuse to proceed or prompt the user to set secure credentials interactively,
preventing accidental use of default passwords in production.

In scripts/generate-certs.sh around lines 6 to 7, the script uses only 'set -e'
which does not catch unset variables or pipeline failures. Update the script to
include 'set -euo pipefail' to enable strict error handling for unset variables
and pipeline errors, improving robustness and catching issues like typos in
variable names or broken pipelines early.

In scripts/verify-setup.sh around lines 121 to 125, the current health check
uses `grep -q "Up"` which only verifies if the container is running, not if it
is healthy. Replace this with a check using `docker inspect --format
'{{.State.Health.Status}}' <container_id>` to get the actual health status.
Update the script to require the status to be "healthy" and if not, output the
container logs for easier troubleshooting.

In scripts/verify-setup.sh around lines 115 to 126, the script uses the
deprecated `docker-compose` v1 command which may not be available on newer
systems. Update all `docker-compose` commands to first try `docker-compose` and
if that fails, fallback to `docker compose`. Also modify the
`check_requirements` function to accept either `docker-compose` or `docker
compose` CLI to ensure compatibility across environments.

In deploy.sh around lines 61 to 63, the script checks for the deprecated
'docker-compose' command but misses the newer 'docker compose' CLI. Update the
required commands array to exclude 'docker-compose' and instead add a
conditional check that verifies if either 'docker-compose' or 'docker compose'
is available. If neither is found, add a combined entry like
"docker-compose|docker compose" to the missing_commands array. Also, update any
subsequent script logic that calls 'docker-compose' to handle the new 'docker
compose' command accordingly.

In deploy.sh at lines 151 to 152, the current chmod 755 command sets data
directory permissions too permissively by allowing read access to all users.
Change the permission mode to 750 or 700 to restrict access, ensuring only the
owner and group (or just the owner) have read and execute permissions, thereby
enhancing data security.

In deploy.sh around lines 183 to 191, the script uses the deprecated
`docker-compose` command. Replace all instances of `docker-compose` with the
modern `docker compose` syntax to ensure compatibility with newer Docker
versions. Update the commands for checking, stopping, and starting containers
accordingly.